I love all bitches bitches bitches
bitches three horny 30 so I don't know
how many of you guys know this but if
you're in the same rule does your friend
i'm not sure if you have to be in the
same area let's type of thing but if you
write like your friend you click on
trail it will actually give you a trail
of these little white pieces of shit to
go and see them so like this is probably
the most anti noob thing in the world ok
I will smell run right into it but
anyways I guess if you walk the wrong
way that a lot you reappear on the
ground that's pretty cool anyways
anyways read that p.m. if you guys want
it we think that's mostly added for this
right here it's one of the new options
recruit a friends like refer fun type of
thing and you can actually just click it
here instead of having to go to the main
page why not i guess so that's kind of
convenient I guess it's kind of a good
update um it I guess I save some time
but I clicked on that and it says I have
the limit for refer a friend like I
can't do it anymore to like a resets or
something I've only reset I've only um
preferred one person once ever since it
reset you could have five times in a
year and from the date that you first
did it your first time it resets on that
date the next year so it I did that and
I've only done it once and it says right
now that I I can't do anymore so I'm
just like what the fuck what the hell
was that what wait wait you have been
given a recruit a friend reward item
what is this I did not click on that
that what oh my god you activated your 7
days a book what did I just do up what
oh my god just got butt-fucked I did not
mean to do that oh i just i just used
Mike's people oh my god what the fuck
Jax I want a refund what the hell is
this shit I don't want my bonus right
now I'd like go to in prayer now I'd
only want to but anyway at ten percent
bonus I guess the next week with you but
that was retarded why I'm so fit I am so
confused right now well anyways I guess
that's a bonus or bonus ten percent
activate refer-a-friend bullshit works
you gotta basically get see a scroll
agreement that's retarded that's not
thats retarded this way you can even
bank that thing I hope
but anyways their way you can unbirth
that can you undo that shit or what well
our next task is steel dragons but i
don't think i'll be doing any type of
that show mac to go distant prayer right
now yay froster 11k each so anyways yeah
today I i lost my infernal adds unless i
told you guys that but yeah I lost it
today I was uh I was doing I be some
demons which by the way you guys they
actually nerf th if you guys don't we
know that yet today they kind of nerfed
it so I'm guessing it's going back down
to like whatever five or six know
whatever it was but yeah it doesn't like
one hit a be demons anymore stuff like
that so you know it's kind of whatever
but I mean it's kind of you know
predictable I guess yes as I was going
there I was cutting I to you right
because I went upstairs to get something
I was a cutting ivy look before that
right I had everything ready for my
slayer task I go there to the Green
Dragons right to have them breathe on me
with their fire and shit so i can get
low HP and add to end up dying and i
forgot to protect my infernal ads
because i didn't know that it would
actually like disappear if i didn't
protect it so I protected my D H and my
max keep thinking you know if I didn't
protect that I had to go fix my all my D
H and I had to go buy my max cape back
so I was like okay I'll get deeds and i
forgot that i haven't had my fertile my
inventory and yeah so I kind of lost
inside to go get it back later on now
the next thing is player all imports are
now out today up now what I'm really
wondering is I mean like I mean they
made it sounded such a huge update but
in reality like you don't even need
armor anymore the way I see it is like I
mean I I did a few of my Slayer tasks
with the pc void on and i really don't
even need that much more or more da like
I was killing metal dragons yesterday
with the pc voi anh delete what the leap
void and I wasn't really getting touched
like I wasn't dying anywhere close to
dying so I mean like this whole big
update I guess it's maybe it's more for
boss killing with Dennehy I heard boss
killing in order to need food or you
know really much of armor something it
feels like one of the most pointless
updates like Jax kind of fucked it all
up because we don't need armor we need
new weapons sure maybe I might be the
you know better idea but new armor I
mean that you don't even really need
armor these days it's just pointless but
yeah that is I haven't done anything to
do I don't know how to get there Ivan
note that I thought it was like almost
like a new skill look like but i always
use on new skill he's not yet um but
anyway so yeah that's out now I haven't
really tried
yes i will probably it on try it but for
now I'd only want to now in a cool
feature today's update was definitely
the thing I like right here is join if
you act like a friend that's all online
you've actually hop to their world in
like four seconds I'll show you guys for
example in a minute so let's just say if
i want to go world 91 paperback i will
click on join and it will attempt to
change world right away and then it will
log me on to the world in a few seconds
so i don't have to wear the lobby
anymore and yeah there we go 1k lick my
nuts whoa put all these buggers we're
just what the fuck really what are they
all doing here you guys sir cut this
one's teleporting so anyways well that
last lyrics p game was that anyways i'm
sad i just thought that was kind of a
cool feature that we can say a lot of
time hopping world now i know if you
guys seen this but i did tweet it a
little while ago um connect no no just
gonna meet um this was like after the up
to talk about two or three hours after
the update this morning this is how many
people were online after that much time
so 34,500 people after i think it was
about two hours after the update so
that's quite crazy and now currently
there is 54,000 people online and a free
update that just in case 54 points
something 54.2 this is like four hours
after the updates so that really shows
how many people r at you boring because
that's normally around 85,000 on the
weekdays so that's at least 30,000
ballers that have not logged back on yet
but i don't really think i'll be taking
too much advantage of this activated
bonus i just did I guess I just let it
go it's not a big deal i'll probably
just keep playing like normal I don't
have any frost ones in my bank obviously
and I don't really want to bond in there
11 kit each right now and I think
they'll still be going down later on the
future so uh yeah I won't be taking too
much of an advantage of it I could do
fletching you know I do have a lot of my
fluttering supplies in my bank i could
probably get this to like not 200 mil in
the week but watch e now i'm watching is
like 500k an hour if i was to play a
hundred hours 50 more experience i guess
55 know with the bonus so it's not that
big of a deal but uh yeah anyways i will
see you guys next video hopefully you
guys enjoyed i just wanted to show you
guys a few updates that happened today
so yeah it kind of sucks th was
obviously nerfed but i just thought i
put that up there in case you guys
hopefully you guys don't have to
each sets they can just crash on you I
imagine some person out there thought
like hey deej is rising so much it's
just by a bunch of him probably bought
like 10 then a GE while they were like
that school come back lonely like
fucking you know four mil each or some
shit so that kind of sucks the avenue
that happen to be a long time ago back
when I was flipping a lot in the GE and
something like that happened in my armor
just went to shit and I was like wow I
tender when a GS way back in the day was
like Louis GE and i wouldn't sell for
like a fucking week and i remember i
never coming home the next day uh like
that day and it bought for louis GE and
the reason that ball is because they're
all going back up it was max GE when i
got almost like i just sold to a GS is
60 ml another 70 mil in the GI just like
20 mo got there was a lot of money so i
had that should happen to me many times
that's why it's not safe sometimes the
flip for merch while you're like not at
the house because something could happen
if you're not there for a long period of
time and then you're fucked berries i
will see you guys next video hopefully
you guys enjoyed and yeah at least a big
dick like if you liked the video big
dicks